--- HEX COLORS EXTRACTED ---
1A1D1E
FFFFFF
206E8C
174E63
03A6A6
FFB64E
F7F9FA
C1C4C7
A5A9AE
565B5F
2B76F0
0097A7
300000
350000
100000
130000
105000
000000
255000
200000
158158
F3F3F3
058DC7
50B432
ED561B
EDEF00
24CBE5
64E572
2200CC
551A8B
--- TEXT CONTENT EXTRACTED ---
March 17, 2026
Certificate in Data Analytics
PM Skills® PMSCP® Certification
Frontline Manager® Certificate
HR Skills® Fundamentals Certificate
Certificate in Negotiation
HRCI Pro: AI for HR Certificate
Leading Through Foundations
Business & Management Skills
Human Resources & Workplace Skills
Communication & Soft Skills
Project Management & Agile Skills
Cybersecurity Awareness & Digital Skills
Emerging Skills & Workplace Trends
Quality management: Six Sigma & Lean
Women in Business
Small Business Management
Remarket to past learners
Strategic Areas to Expand with 
MindEdge
Certificate in Nonprofit Management
Certificate in Data Analytics
Certificate in Human Resource Management
HRCI: HR Ethics Certificate
Certificate in Leadership
Certificate in Digital Marketing
Grant Writing Skills Suite
Partners are most successful when they lead with their branding and promote specific certificates that align with learner or corporate training needs. Certificates can include technical skills and interpersonal skills. We allow our partners the autonomy to present the catalog in partnership with 
MindEdge
 or designate it as your online learning program.
Certificate
Exam prep for industry certification
Simulations
Top Certificates
Introduction to Grant Writing
Introduction to Negotiations
Excel Basics
Communicating Collaboratively 
Advanced Grant Writing
Lean Basics
Excel Advanced Skills
Skills pathways are an important part of a learner's continuing education and of an organization's internal professional development. Our courses and simulations are designed to help learners acquire and apply specific skills. There are several categories where applied skills are taught, including Management, Nonprofit Management, Change Management, HR Management, Lean Six Sigma, Agile, and Project Management. Top Courses from 
2024-2025 titles by quarter
.
Top Courses
Custom bundles
Have you considered offering customized course bundles? By bundling courses, you can provide added value to your learners, incentivize enrollments, and highlight career-aligned learning paths.
As a partner, we can get the conversation started with an outline of the courses (excluding any content partner titles) you’d like to bundle, provide a description and bundle name, include projections, and we’ll outline the learner list price once the bundle pricing is approved. We can also discuss your marketing plan.
Four integration options
HCS 
Self-Provisioning page
Your LMS
Your client LMS
Catalog and content directed by you:
Can be the same as your offering
Tailored selection
Partner can enhance with blended training
Admin dashboard reporting for your corporate contact and segmented on your reporting dashboard
Customize branding directed by you:
Your branding
Their branding or
Logo combination
Scale Corporate 
Customized Training
Enrollment options: HCS e-Commerce
Our e-Commerce, Hosted Catalog Solution, is a link that the Corporate organization can use to promote the catalog 
for 
employee self-registration and pay by p-card, personal credit card, or 
paypal
 for enrollment in course or certificate programs.
Our enrollment systems provide learner credentials by email and enrollment receipt.
Revenue share is between the partner and 
MindEdge
 and does not pass to the corporate client.
Your logo here
Enrollment options: Self-Provisioning Page
Our self-provisioning page is an online registration form that allows your department or the corporate HR manager, division manager, or CEO with the ability to enroll learners into any 
MindEdge
 course or certificate programs.
Pricing is based on the list price and invoiced to the partner.
The partner will invoi
ce the corporate client 100% of the list price prior to enrollment.
Help professionals gain additional skills and help organizations strengthen their workforce.
Revenue growth:
 Access a revenue-generating catalog of professional development courses in topics that attract learners across industries.
Market relevance:
 Offer pre-built certificates or tailored bundles designed to match employer and industry demands.
Credential confidence:
 Provide learners with courses, certificates, and certifications backed by professional credits from the most recognized credentialing organizations in their industry.
Long-term support:
 Rely on continuous support, robust marketing tools, and a team committed to helping your program succeed.
Professional Development
What We Provide
MindEdge collaborates with leading subject matter experts to create content that can transform your courses, upgrade your curriculum, and elevate your degree programs.
Enhance your existing courses
 by integrating our content into your current course shell.
Upgrade your curriculum
 by using our courses to fill gaps in your content.
Increase skills with our certificates
 by adding certificates focused on specific areas of expertise to existing degree programs, better preparing students for their careers through "stackable credentials."
Check out our For-Credit catalog
MindEdge is proud to offer 12 ACE CREDIT® reviewed and approved certificates. Browse our ACE CREDIT® catalog. 
Download more information to see how we can integrate into your programs. 
For-Credit Catalog
What We Provide
Info sheets for all certificates and categories, customizable with your logo and website URL
Promotional info videos
HTML links for email marketing
Best practices
Success stories
Reports on sales trends
Social text and images to promote the top-selling certificates
We are pleased to provide our partners with a comprehensive resource center of customizable assets to help in your marketing efforts:
Marketing Resource Center
What We Provide
Founded by Harvard and MIT educators in 1998, we've built a reputation for delivering high-quality educational content and products that set us apart in the industry.
Today, over 350 associations, universities, organizations, and corporations trust us to provide the solutions they need to engage and educate their learners.
MindEdge's mission is to improve the way the world learns
Learners receive certificates and badges to help them promote and verify their achievements
Certificates of Achievement and Badges
What We Provide
Our content has been approved for professional credits from the following organizations: 
Professional Credits 
LearningEdge™ 
A modern authoring tool to deliver high quality online education 
Nonprofit Skills
®
Empowering nonprofits with industry-specific training 
Frontline Manager
®
Transforming first-level managers into true leaders 
HR Skills
®
Enhance expertise for HR and Management Professionals 
PM Skills
®
Equipping project leaders with essential interpersonal skills 
Acuity Institute 
Providing tailored corporate training solutions 
The MindEdge Brands 
Your unique needs
Custom content opportunities
Partnership structure and timeline
Instructional Design
Continue the conversation to discuss:
Partner with MindEdge to Elevate Your Continuing Education Programs
Let’s create a professional development solution that strengthens your learners and serves your corporate clients
Let’s Talk
Elizabeth Wood | Director of Business Partnerships
C: 321-474-1092 E: ewood@mindedg.com 
Challenge: 
Pressure to offer relevant, varied, high-quality online content
The MindEdge Solution: 
Our catalog features over 80 comprehensive certificates spanning more than 42 topics. We continuously evaluate and update our courses to ensure they remain relevant to today's market.
Challenge: 
Need to increase revenue without straining current resources 
The MindEdge Solution: 
We do the heavy lifting for you. Our instructional design team continuously creates content your learners will want, and we provide all the marketing materials and analytics you need to track sales trends and promote your offerings.
Challenge:
 Struggling to fill gaps in course libraries
The MindEdge Solution:
 We offer turnkey educational solutions and can develop custom content tailored to your catalog and audience needs.
The Challenges We Solve
Small Business
Corporate
Manufacturer
Individuals
MindEdge
MindEdge provides Hosted Catalog Solution, and web integrations
Partner
The Partner offers and promotes courses and certificates
LMS
Courses are deployed on the MindEdge LMS or via integration with your LMS
Included services:
Automated course registrations, eCommerce, learner tracking/
analytics, and revenue reporting
Partners earn 40-50% of the revenue share
Ongoing evaluation of learner
feedback, program evaluation, and improvement
How It Works 
Why Partner With Us?
High Quality Content
MindEdge delivers content that is:
Industry-vetted and trusted across sectors
Self-paced and accessible anytime
Credit-ready and always up-to-date
Comprehensive Resources
Partners gain access to customizable promotional materials, sales insights, social media content and images, and best practices through our Marketing Resource Center.
Collaborative Partnerships
Partnership with MindEdge is built on collaboration. Each partner works with a dedicated account manager who understands your audience and goals.
Dedicated
Support
Our partner-first approach means real, human support at every stage. From enrollment and billing to learner success tracking, we make the process seamless.
In 2025, our customer satisfaction was rated
4.5 out of 5
stars
Our Center has been working with MindEdge since 2013 to provide a handful of online modules that supplemented our face-to-face classes. They have always been a responsive organization, and have been agreeable to work with CMD and our customers. We had a long-term, important customer, who had an employee with extreme visual issues. MindEdge pulled in an IT specialist and worked with the employee to accommodate his visual issues, so he could complete the modules. Their treatment of our customer was impressive, and much appreciated. There are no stresses or anxieties working with MindEdge. We have dropped two vendors, and have worked exclusively with MindEdge.
Paula Mary Seiwert
Associate Director
Center for Management Development
Wichita State University
Testimonial
Our team will work with you to determine the best integration method for your institution’s needs
Hosted Catalog Solution (HCS)
Fast deployment
Branded with your logo
Revenue share
SCORM Packages
Upload the self-contained course packages directly to your LMS
Host the content locally in your system
Self-Provisioning Page for Enrollment
Allows you to enroll learners and collect full learner fee at enrollment
Branded with your logo
Revenue share by invoice
API’s
Integrate content into your custom interface
Control the branding and user experience
LTI Links
Easily integrate right into your LMS system
Consistent user experience for your students
Courses update automatically
How We Integrate
Browse our catalog.
11
Simulations
340
Courses
10
Certifications
80
Certificates
42
Categories
Our Comprehensive Catalog contains:
Our content can be added directly to your existing courses and catalogs.
All of our courses, certificates, and simulations can be used to create custom bundles tailored to your target audience.
Flexibility You Control:
Choose which courses to include—no requirement to offer our entire catalog
No required minimum sales per year
Our Catalog and Content
MindEdge
 is proud to offer 12 ACE CREDIT® reviewed and approved certificates.
Final exam is proctored; learners will have a total of 3 attempts.
Students must wait 24 hours between exam retakes.
A passing score of 70% or above is required to request college credit.
Agile Project Management (ACE CREDIT®)
 3 credits
AIGA Professional Design Certificate (ACE CREDIT®)
 2 credits
Digital Marketing (ACE CREDIT®)
 3 credits
Entrepreneurship (ACE CREDIT®)
 2 credits
Frontline Manager® (ACE CREDIT®)
 3 credits
HR Management (ACE CREDIT®)
 2 credits
Leadership (ACE CREDIT®)
 3 credits
Leadership for Women in Business (ACE CREDIT®)
 3 credits
Management Skills (ACE CREDIT®)
 3 credits
Nonprofit Management (ACE CREDIT®)
 3 credits
Project Management (ACE CREDIT®)
 3 credits
Small Business Management (ACE CREDIT®)
 3 credits
